and we will actually be content with the
major reason in the future
well I'm here right now on the last day
of group stage with war zone after the
huge upset that we just saw over fnatic
and all the kind of crazy stuff that's
happening because of it all so Lewis
here who's gonna help translate war zone
what what was sort of the mentality of
your team going into that match because
at this point in time there's don't wait
for you to advance the playoffs but you
guys still were able to pull off this
really big win yeah kukuku many now
become consolidating one player you
might even call the casino look better
than they were in court 18 kangaroo okay
Eden with Tomorrowland and he thought he
looked at every 32m that whole Halleck I
knew looked when I to em big dog tell me
would come walking with two men come go
gang yep don't tell a good tactic more -
MJ no luck thank you Mike so in the
first spy up the roof stay
we lost again frantic that's lot like on
smart cue our hot to be in the playoff
so I feel a little bit better again
Friday and then before this match we
know that if we win this game is we put
Tim liquid is a huge opportunity to go
in the next round so we just like try
our hardest
why did you want Team Liquid to go to
the next round
I saw a moon team liquid la torre de
belem so by the a.m. come tight tell me
with an eye on everything then becomes
how Dante young come from boom door I
personally feel that democracy ability
naturally and it will make the player
like more fun to watch
what what do you think of your
performance and your team's performance
here because I know it was rough in the
group stage but we have seen
consistently so much strength from
Vietnam in the past couple of years so
how do you feel about your team's
performance on the international stage
this MSI Tommy Ambu quite a bit Namco
Nick maintaining hat of a tiger yellow
coat a ready em need an album entity who
can Youngman vivos by MSI Jota type not
doing bad deal and then to never have a
year TM Numa nobody took bond can we
call Liza go ahead item of booting love
Yong Yong from night he ran amok took by
button autumn like I am free tomorrow
night
so although we knew him and we went
straight from the Challenger Sri in
Vietnam to be the champion and then MSI
I think that like being not being able
to go to the playoff draw is a
disappointment for me and I'm really
really frustrated now I was just
interviewing Ivan the owner of Evo's the
other day and he was saying that he
feels like Vietnam is getting stronger
and stronger and that in a short time we
will see maybe even next year Vietnam be
a top contender on the world stage
alongside you know North America lck LPL
Oh what do you think of the growth of
Vietnam do kima Travis from what Ivan
they haven't gone along with NAB fact a
young young supply the Vietnam got a tax
out out and ok Hoover could I can't undo
f ck appeal ni you take a yellow coat i
right here me Nitin are we do wrong
genuine
weather in Thailand young saw a big Nam
cotton oil are they affecting my young
so Vietnam the early morning cycle not
freaking man my hanging
Hanwha and then Semak may comes as a
bucket down upon you I agree on that we
will definitely be better because the
liquor polarity in Vietnam is still
growing and player base still growing
and we got I'm a lot more Thailand
coming up in the near future and we will
actually be content with the major
reason in the future do you was this a
random question but do you feel like
there's a chance that as more stars come
up in Vietnam we might see similar to
what happened with lck where North
America and Europe try to pull the best
players out of Vietnam similar to what
we saw with Levi's vitamin A don't get
Ewing my team back cause I'm super
Newton and money way they live near
Hancock million a we use a lion gang
Kovach namely you mean live I can hang
salty dog oil McNabb facade Canyon Kubek
I can't enjoy the Magnum Milankovic
nanowire what happen go tinkle
what happened and getting our mom on a
team including my living knee so I think
that's for now the sorry base for the
pro player in Viet Nam's
he we cannot compare that to our imagine
reason especially na so I think that if
there's any other form from from outside
visa and the young player we accept it I
in a hobby alright last question is
there anything you want to say to any of
the fans all the way out there all over
the world who are looking at Vietnam and
wondering what's in store for Vietnam or
if they should start paying more
attention to Vietnam or anything like
that
you can go beyond Allah Quran said no
agony to visit Vietnam from yungay
occupy septa
Jimdo Soho you cut we will destroy
everyone oh there we go
thank you war zone thank you so much and
thank you for the translation for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things these
ports right here on my youtube channel
hello and welcome to the future side of
gaffer industries our company is growing
so quickly that we had to lease this
land to build a factory just to produce
our product and you know what that
product is it's we've only got one it is
eSports videos just like this one yes
that's right the one that you are
enjoying right now is just an example of
the premium product that we make every
single day and you know what gaffer
dinde strees it's growing it is taking
the eSports industry by storm and we
need people to join our movement that's
right you can join this movement just by
clicking the subscribe button on this
very video you'll be part of it today
and that's what we're looking for so
just hit subscribe and you could be part
of gaffur Dinda strees today